annot: cut the onions into ¼ inch thick slices
ACTID: 0
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the onions (-1)
[PP, other, into] 1/4 inch thick slices (-1)
annot: separate the rings
ACTID: 1
PRED: separate
[DOBJ, food] the rings (0)
annot: Add all purpose flour into a mixing bowl
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] all purpose flour (-1)
[PP, location, into] a mixing bowl (-1)
annot: add cornflour, chili powder, baking soda, garlic powder, salt to taste and 1 tbsp of breadcrumbs
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] cornflour, chili powder, baking soda, garlic powder, salt to taste , 1 tbsp of breadcrumbs
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: Add little bit of yoghurt and water in batches
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] little bit of yoghurt (-1), water (-1)
[PP, other, in] batches (-1)
[PP, food, ] (3)
annot: whisk it to form a smooth thick paste
ACTID: 5
PRED: whisk
[DOBJ, food] it (4)
annot: Add a tbsp of all purpose flour
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] a tbsp of all purpose flour (-1)
annot: add the onion rings into it
ACTID: 7
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the onion rings (1)
[PP, food, into] it (6)
annot: shake it well to coat
ACTID: 8
PRED: shake
[DOBJ, food] it (7)
[PP, other, to] coat (-1)
annot: Dip the onion rings into the batter
ACTID: 9
PRED: dip
[DOBJ, food] the onion rings (8)
[PP, food, into] the batter (5)
annot: coat it with the breadcrumbs
ACTID: 10
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] it (9)
[PP, food, with] the breadcrumbs (-1)
annot: deep fry the onion rings in oil until golden brown
ACTID: 11
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the onion rings (10)
[PP, food, in] oil (-1)
annot: Sprinkle some chat masala
ACTID: 12
PRED: sprinkle
[DOBJ, food] some chat masala (-1)
[PP, food, ] (11)
annot: serve
ACTID: 13
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (12)